Game

Board: A board contains a set of tiles

Tile: Each tile has functions which gets all things on a tile. Tile has a list of all things on a tile

Board Object: each board object has a reference to its position on the board

Position Object: contains information regarding a position somewhere

So what is the road map, and what is reasonable for the week period?
Well, what is reasonable is being very simple just with pure dps and actions, what needs to be handled?
Well, we need to be able to move, right now it's capable of doing this.

Okay, so we can move across a board, can we display it? How would we properly display it? 
Need to figure out how we would deploy the frontend
Then, need to setup a django backend for this to run
Then we need to deploy this on an ec2 instance

Should try to finish up the project itself both today and tomorrow, and then start working at the infrastructure
So what are we reasonably able to do during this time?
Well, where are we at? So characters can move, they can deny movement onto their space, ghosts can phase through 
and ignore this limitation 

So what does bfs do? Well, all it does is it gets 

What do we want, ideally? 
  Entities to be able to look at a board, and be able to traverse it to get to a specific spot. 
  Entities have health, and are able to attack each other.

So we want a centralized location that registers everything, and sends a signal when anything happens

It's a list of the original states, and then includes what has changed with them and with that, you can get the current state 

So the internals won't trigger a redo, however, each action will include all the relevant internals.

Don't describe the inner details, just describe the outer workings

So there's undo and redo, and then there's go back
Undo fully removes the last action, go back just goes back, still apart of the stack

maybe we can freeze the log in order to go back and forward
unfreeze it when we want to undo or go forward.

So log has a list of actions and the info to undo

So what we are doing is just giving all the information in order to change the game object
So following the instructions, could have fully functional

So we have our object lists, their origin position, and then we have a list of what happens.

So here's where we are currently at. 

Don't keep track of anything other than actions, after perform and when added. When an action is performed, it's immediately removed.
Tracker will only log the details of the actions
Reason for this is that game only changes based upon actions

On add has tracker, 



So new iteration, what are we going to change?

Well, we want to have all of our data stored in a json file
Whenever a change is made, we create a new object, or if a list/object, we mutate it.

Key could be a combination of the value, and the type, type and name, default name is value
That way, we don't have to worry about items switching places

Need a system that will allow for tracking of access points. 
So each item can have an value of uses, if ever drops to zero, remove it

Can just give item to be added, type as type, value as value
Can have the indexables, and the non indexables. hashables have values hashed

The way we want to 

So we have the backend system designed for... something

Lets start with something *very* simple

So you have a Game, a game has a board, and a board has units

Game itself all it does is it takes a backend, and runs it

#Hash gamestate to see if anything changes

#Maybe I need to enable a type, maybe a hash?
#Like if there's a unique id, along with a type
#That way, things can have different types 

#What is the problem that could happen? What if we have tiles, and we need to change an aspect of all the tiles.
#Well, we would first need to clone it. 